Polymorphism (Many Forms)
Definition: The ability of the same function, operator, or method to perform different tasks in different contexts.

Examples:
Operator Overloading:
'+' → addition (numbers), concatenation (strings)
'*' → multiplication (numbers), repetition (strings/lists), packing/unpacking

Function Overloading:
print() → works for numbers, strings, lists, etc.

Types of Polymorphism:
Compile-time (Static) Polymorphism
Achieved by:
Method Overloading
Operator Overloading
Decided during compilation (not supported natively in Python, but can be mimicked).

Run-time (Dynamic) Polymorphism
Achieved by:
Method Overriding
Decided at run-time.

- When a subclass and its superclass both define a method with the same name and parameters (signature), 
the subclass method overrides the superclass method.
- If you call the method from an object of the subclass, only the subclass version of the method is executed.
- The superclass method is not called, unless you explicitly invoke it using super.

Rules for Method Overriding:
Inheritance between superclass and subclass must exist.
Both must have a method with the same name and same parameters.
The logic inside the methods must be different.
Overriding happens only when the method is called using the subclass object.

Calling Parent Class Method (when overriding exists):
Two ways:
ParentClassName.method(self, arguments)
super().methodName(arguments) (no self needed)

*args: It allows a function to accept any number of arguments without defining them one by one.
 * means “pack” all extra positional arguments into a tuple called args.
It takes all extra positional arguments (those not explicitly defined in the function) and stores them inside a tuple.

Without *args, you would need to know exactly how many arguments the function will take.
But in real cases, sometimes:
You don’t know how many values a user will pass.
You want your function to be flexible (e.g., sum of 2 numbers, or 100 numbers).
That’s where *args helps — it removes the limitation of fixed arguments.
*args->flexibility,cleaner code,reusability